Removing sharc mentions part 1 (#1946)
rcgsheffield/sheffield_hpc: hpc/transferring-files.rst

* Use a `Research Storage fileshare <https://www.sheffield.ac.uk/it-services/research-storage/>`_ as common storage directly 
  accessible from your own machine and from the clusters.
* Use a program like ``curl`` or ``wget`` to download files directly to the clusters.

> * Use a :ref:`flight session <flight-desktop>` on Stanage or   to open firefox and interactively download directly to clusters.

Author: ```suggestion
* Open a Firefox browser and interactively download directly to clusters. Using a :ref:`flight session <flight-desktop>` on Stanage or interactive session on Bessemer 
```

> * Open a Firefox browser and interactively download directly to clusters. Using a :ref:`flight session <flight-desktop>` on Stanage or interactive session on Bessemer 

Author: New Firefox section to replace qsh-vis section in another PR

> * Open a Firefox browser and interactively download directly to clusters. Using a :ref:`flight session <flight-desktop>` on Stanage or interactive session on Bessemer 

Author: Thank you @nikishe. Amended.
